project description (#50)
lhossackucalgary/ENGO-500-2018: proposal-template.md

Robot Monitoring to Improve Maintenance Efficiency 
## Project Description

> In fast-paced environments, downtime of task automation robots is directly linked to loss of revenue. As such, it is in the best interests of profit-driven businesses to ensure that minimal time is spent on repairing robots. Creating a software through an Integrated Operation Center (IOC) can be an effective way to reduce downtime and improve service technician efficiency.  This IOC will display real time sensor data in visual charts and graphs for the IOC manager to directly monitor the health statuses of their assets. The geographical locations of the robots and the maintenance are also displayed for the dispatcher to optimize the route for the nearest technician to a robot requiring service. These maintenance crew are equipped with an intuitive Augmented Reality (AR) system to allow for a safer and more efficient repair procedure. The AR system, activated by the robot’s unique ID, identifies the model of the robot and displays various relevant information about it, including its sensor data, history, and the exact location of the issue. The implementation of the AR system that can diagnose the issues and display the technical specifications of the robot eliminates the need for highly trained technicians who can service the robots on site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In fast-paced environments, downtime of task automation robots is directly linked to loss of revenue. As such, it is in the best interests of profit-driven businesses to ensure that minimal time is spent on repairing robots. An Integrated Operation Center (IOC) software can be an effective way to reduce downtime and improve service technician efficiency. The IOC will display real time sensor data in visual charts and graphs for the IOC dispatcher and analysts to directly monitor the health status of their assets. The geographical locations of the robots and the maintenance crews are also displayed for the dispatcher to adjust the routes of the technicians to a robot requiring service. The maintenance crew are equipped with an intuitive Augmented Reality (AR) system to allow for a more efficient and informed repair procedure. The AR system identifies the robot uniquely and displays various relevant information about it, including its sensor data and sensor's history. The implementation of the AR system that can diagnose the issues and display the technical specifications of the robot decreases the need for highly trained technicians who can service the robots on site.
```

Reviewer: @cktamucalgary
